how to change your toilet seal after a
towel for usually the tile floor raises
raises this up a bit but this one was up
quite high because it's a lid lid piece
that's more than over a brass ring and
then the brass ring is fastened to the
floor but I had to change the bolt so
how you've changed the bolts as you find
that there's a wide spot in here
somewhere
and you gotta find that and then the
boat will come out of there see it's
wider there than it is in here so you
can slip it in there and then turn it
around and anything spin that bold so it
doesn't doesn't work that doesn't turn
when you're passing the toilet note this
is called a cab week one because it's
got that little plastic seal in there
which actually is lower than the then
they're asked so now we've got new
toilet bowls old ones were too short to
the Abbot 3/8 of floor on here and the
bolts were too short but I think the
seal is fine and now I'll just grab the
toilet and set it down on this you know
I've got new bolts in there and then I
can drop down into the into the lap
steel so it's not that hard but
sometimes after you tile the floor you
got to put longer bolts in and if you've
really the thing was level to begin with
if this flange was loving to begin with
you may have to add a piece of flange
which you can do this is own you can buy
the flange pieces at any plumbing supply
or tile supplying yes
so I'm back to installing this toilet
again after putting all the thicker
tiles on the floor we had to have longer
longer bunks for the toilet which we
didn't before but now also this is too
short the supply pipe is too short so
the best thing to do is replace it but
this is what I always do replace it with
a about a 12 inch supply line and these
are much easier you just hand tighten
these plating that a little bit with a
wrench but not much because they have
little rubber things in them and they
can flex around and go it's much easier
than trying to work with these old stuff
no no plumbers use this stuff anymore
because this is much better they're only
about 5 bucks and they really do the
trick
they're called the steel supply line or
stainless steel toilet supply line five
bucks in local hardware store our
lumberyard and you've got it made you
just hand and screw it on here on the
top
and then you fit it to the bottom
I always just bend them up like that and
I can that'll throw it onto the bottom
real easy it's actually started there so
that's cool that's how we do it that's
all we were all